fix: generate edge middleware to run `reroute` (#12296)
sveltejs/kit: .changeset/hot-guests-enjoy.md

---

> "@sveltejs/adapter-netlify": patch
> "@sveltejs/adapter-vercel": patch

Reviewer: ```suggestion
"@sveltejs/adapter-netlify": minor
"@sveltejs/adapter-vercel": minor
```

---

> fix: run `reroute` in an edge middleware before invoking an individual function

Reviewer: ```suggestion
fix: run `reroute` in an edge middleware before invoking a split function
```
